Local, Remote, and Relay Nodes. (#225)
decentralized-identity/decentralized-web-node: docs/companion_guide.md

This section clarifies the role of a remote node, a local node, and relay with
respect to a deployment. It is important to note that they are actually all the _same_ 
thing, in that they are all actually a DWN with no feature difference across deployment types,
but local vs. remote nodes in practice may be leveraged slightly differently. 

This section clarifies how local nodes will be used vs. remote nodes, and what it means for a 
DWN to be a "relay".

- **Local Node:** This may be a person's phone, computer, or other device that is
  not expected to always be connected to the internet. For example, if you are
  traveling in the mountains, your phone would be off, therefore it is not a
  reliable device for services to connect to at scale.
- **Remote Node:** Remote nodes are meant to be highly available and always
  reachable from other services. If Bob takes a trip to the mountains and Jane
  sends Bob a message, Jane would sent the message to Bob's remote DWN, which
  is always available, rather than directly to Bob's phone, which is out of
  connectivity. This allows Bob to still interact with Jane and receive her
  message, despite not being connected to the internet.

> - **Relay:** The relay is a way a remote node to forward information received to a
>   local node, or another remote node. When Jane sends a message to Bob's remote
>   DWN, Bob's remote DWN "relay's" the message to Bob's local DWN, which allows
>   Bob to interact with his DWN locally.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Relay:** A relay is a way for a remote node to forward information it receives to a
  local node, or to another remote node. When Jane sends a message to Bob's remote
  DWN, Bob's remote DWN "relays" the message to Bob's local DWN, which allows
  Bob to interact with his DWN locally.

```
